---
description: >-
  We support creators of educational content about using MatrixBot. For this, we
  award MTXB tokens.
cover: ../.gitbook/assets/cover(1).jpg
coverY: -231
---

# We pay for articles

If you have experience in trading and setting up trading bots, you can write an article explaining how to configure a Matrix bot for trading using a specific approach.

_Examples:_

* How to create a bot that trades based on overbought and oversold zones.
* How to trade cryptocurrency using divergence.
* Setting up DCA trading with MatrixBot.
* Configuring grid bot entry with Bollinger Bands.
* Using the ATR indicator to launch Matrix bots.
* Evaluating trend strength in Matrix bots using the ADX indicator.

{% hint style="success" %}
Each article should be about using MatrixBot to achieve the goal.
{% endhint %}

## **What should be in the article**

_Our users are interested in:_

* Justification for choosing a particular strategy, its area of application, and scenarios where it is applicable.
* The meaning of specific parameters for the bot, including an explanation of why those particular values were chosen over others.
* A brief introduction for beginners, such as an explanation of a technical indicator if it is being discussed.
* Examples of results achieved, such as profit size, screenshots of statistics, etc.

## How many MTXB tokens can be earned?

* **The minimum payout is 100,000 MTXB.**
* For a detailed article with screenshots, charts, and illustrations, you can earn no less than 250,000 MTXB.

## In what format and where to submit?

The article must be published on the [Telegraph](https://telegra.ph) service. After publishing, send the link to the article [to our manager.](https://t.me/matrixbotio\_manager)

{% hint style="warning" %}
The article may be rejected if it does not align with the MatrixBot platform's theme.

Additionally, we may reject the article if it lacks a high level of expertise on the topic (articles generated by ChatGPT or other AIs are not accepted).

The article must not contain unverified facts or false information. It may also be rejected if it does not make a substantial contribution to the platform's knowledge base.
{% endhint %}

{% hint style="info" %}
Additionally, please check for grammatical and spelling errors before submission.
{% endhint %}
